we will think
from a rose like tin just blue cousin
and good but it's very good in this
I come to bring you a tutorial
digital without as online how to take away
the rewards that the pinches give you
kids rats to go and kill you
but this time they're going to peel it and
you will not be able to do even mothers who
it's going to be good first of all
we are in the most recent reason there
right now version 1.11 and well let's
lend select button and let's put
apparition and garage ok this is the place
of appearance the garage ok now here I go
to simulate that I am a game then
public and who my friend well is this
person who is here is putting me
a reward because he does not like it or because
X thing, then here, it's going to put me
what is this fucking reward
then obviously people will come
that must kill because the reward is
quite large and besides this
experience then here I'm going to
wants to activate what is the passive mode
but I can not because obviously I already
put the reward then what are we going to
do we're going to troll this son of
your fucking mother and we're going to crush the
start button we will not go to gt online
we will go find a new session and
good in this session that obviously we
will send what is a 9 all this but
no but we will appear inside our
grass inside our channel
we will crush the select button and we
we will go to activate passive mode quickly
and one as you can see it was already activated
so now that I have to do good
Now I'm going to leave my garage and like
can see are going to start going these
children of his fucking mother of flown to that
llama wanted to kill the bastards because
I'll go though although I have what it is
a reward but who believe then of the
Havana peels because as I have what
is the passive mode and as you can see already
I started shooting this bastard but not
can kill me so you're going to
fight fucking take so I hope that they
have liked this tutorial is very
simple but the truth you can troll
you can put the same game where
was that bastard who put it on you and then
good is the same procedure and you go
aa trolling equal to the people who
they bring the tanks to the people who
they are doing their pinches mother then
but the one that brings you noise then good
you can do this so be careful
the vehicles because that if you can
mark how
it was an outrage the son of the fuck
but no matter you run
and just go and hide but
Well I hope you liked this
tutorial that remember to like this
video for more videos like this we're going to
let's follow the 300 like in this video
remember to subscribe to the social network
so they appear on the bottom to the
same as the channel for more videos
remember that we are doing things in
tweets in the evenings to sleep like this
that if they can support it go bastards
There they are going to have a great time, we put
music and we make desmadre so that the
spend the best possible so good
sketchers the blue cousin see you in the
next web that wave race like this year
I am his cousin and good but they are very
well on this occasion to come and bring a
tutorial of jeta 5 online mode of how
enter the franklin house of a
way very very simple but first that
nothing will show you what the dgt version
online is the latest version
right now version 1.11 and well we have
to come to what this place is that
find here we are